Organi5

The involvement of middlemen in today’s agricultural industry has always been a major drawback in our society. The aim is to reduce the middlemen involved in the whole process. Organi5 is a website which aims to become a brand by creating a channel between the farmers and the consumers directly. This is basically a “farm to folk” concept. The website has two different user experiences. One for the farmer, the other for the consumer. The farmer will post a certain product and the consumer will be able to buy it. The product’s price will be standardised depending on the quality of the product. Once a user orders a certain product, the product will be picked by delivery partner (eg: delhivery, ninjacart) from the respective farmer’s location and will delivered to the customer. There might be certain places where the delivery partners might not be having warehouses. These places have certain NGOs (eg: gramya resource centre for women, end poverty, swades foundation, etc). These NGOs work to bring unemployed farmers to work on farms and harvest organic products. The problem they are facing is that thy are not able to channel their products that efficiently to the customers and most of the harvested products go to waste. But with us collaborating with them, we can help them channel their products through our website and also solve unemployability at that particular situation. The major revenue margin of this website would be that, with every order placed, a 5% of the order if the total order is less than Rs.100 and Rs.5 if the total order bill is greater than Rs.100. The other revenue sources would be advertisements, promotion of recipes of chefs in out website, promotion of hotels, restaurants, etc. There are no such exiting solutions or start-ups as such in Tamil Nadu. This gives Organi5 an opportunity to rule the organic farm to folk market in ease. Future enhancements can be that we can buy plots and build our own farms to produce our own harvests. A super market chain can be introduced exclusively for our own products. The features include: 
User experience and its features:
1.Weather APIs to help the farmer get regular weather updates
2. Discussion Forums connecting farmers and customers for increasing communication between them.
3.Leaderboards- A leaderboard that will evaluate the performance of the farmers and customers based on their usage of the site.
4.Rebuy cart- once a person becomes a regular visitor of the site, their cart items will be automatically saved so that it can be made as a subscription policy every month and so he don't have to buy it again everymonth.
5.ready made recipe kits- there will be readymade kits available for each dishes so that people can order them and make them following the receipes on the site with the ingredients from the kits.
6.Coupons and vouchers - Based on the usage of the app, customers will be given special offers and coupons as a way of encouraging them to buy more from the site.
7.Regional language- for native farmers, the site will be available in their own native language for more convenience 
8.Chatbot - for farmers who doesn't know how to read, there is a chatbot feature that will help convert speech to text so that they can be benefited from the site.
9. To reduce spam orders- OTP verification of customers is done
10. Many Filter options are available on the site - weather based, season based, personal recommendations for each customers
